Added Neovim Courses Videos (#11576)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Complete YAML Course - Beginner to Advanced for DevOps and more!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA90BTozdow) - Kunal Kushwaha

### Neovim

* [From 0 to IDE in NEOVIM from scratch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHTeCSVAFNY&list=PLsz00TDipIffreIaUNk64KxTIkQaGguqn) - typecraft
* [The Only Video You Need to Get Started with Neovim](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8C0Cq9Uv9o) - TJ DeVries

> * [Teaching Neovim From Scratch To A Noob](https://youtu.be/-ybCiHPWKNA?si=SDzToayfJ0EBpADn) - TheVimeagen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Teaching Neovim From Scratch To A Noob](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ybCiHPWKNA) - TheVimeagen
```

Reviewer: No shorthand urls replace the given url with this one
